# C++ Assignment 2, ex1

The challenge:

1.	The Student class declaration simply provides declarations for member functions that must be implemented; you must provide complete definitions for these functions in a file called Student.cpp
2.	In a separate file, write a main function that will attempt to open and read from a text file, whose name should be supplied by the user. Each line of the file will contain the registration number and name of a student; these should be passed as arguments to the Student constructor to create a new student object, which should be added to a collection of students. This collection may be a vector, a list or a set (from the standard template library).
3.	The main function should next attempt to open and read from another text file, whose name should again be supplied by the user. Each line of this file will contain a registration number, a module number (which will be a string, e.g. CE221), and a mark for the module (which will be a real number in the range 0.0 to 100.0).
4.	Having input each line you should search the collection for the student object with that registration number and add the module and mark to the map in that object. If the registration number does not match any of the students in the collection a warning message should be output to the screen. If the student already has a mark for the module this mark should be overwritten.
5.	If either file could not be opened the program should terminate cleanly with an appropriate message.
6.	Once input is complete details of all of the students in the collection and their marks should be displayed on the screen. A full list of module names and marks should be output for each student, so use of the << operator (which should output only the minimum, maximum and average marks) is not appropriate. USE PRINTF()
7.	The next requirement is to write, in the same file as the main function, two additional functions. The first should have two arguments, a collection of objects of type Student (vector, list or set) and a mark (of type float) and should print, using the << operator, the names and minimum, maximum and average marks of all students in the collection who have an average mark that is less than or equal to the second argument. The output should be sorted by registration number. If no such students are found an appropriate message should be displayed.
8.	The second function should have three arguments, a collection of students, a module number (of type string) and a mark, and should print on the screen the name and the mark for that module of each student in the collection who has a mark for that module that is greater than or equal to the third argument . Once again if no such students are found an appropriate message should be displayed.
9.	Finally add to the end of the main program a loop that allows the two functions to be tested interactively. Within the loop body the user should be given three options: test the first function, test the second function or quit. (The prompt for input should make it clear exactly what the user must type to make his or her choice; to facilitate quick testing the expected input options should each be single characters.) If the user selects one of the function-testing options the program should ask for a mark, and a module number if appropriate, and call the chosen function using the collection and the value(s) supplied by the user as arguments.

